cloud: use aws dms to migrate mysql to tidb cloud (#11438)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/migrate-from-mysql-using-aws-dms.md

This document uses Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) as an example to show how to migrate data to TiDB Cloud using AWS DMS. The procedure also applies to migrating data from self-built MySQL databases and Amazon Aurora.

In this example, the data source is Amazon RDS, and the data destination is a Dedicated Tier cluster in TiDB Cloud. Both upstream and downstream databases are in the same region.

## Prerequisites

Before you start the migration, make sure you have read the following:

- If the source database is Amazon RDS or Aurora, you need to set the `binlog_format` parameter to `ROW`. If the database uses the default parameter group, the `binlog_format` parameter is set to `MIXED` by default and cannot be modified. In this case, you need to [create a new parameter group](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_GettingStarted.Prerequisites.html#CHAP_GettingStarted.Prerequisites.params), for example `newset`, and set `binlog_format` to `ROW`. Then, modify the default parameter group to `newset`. Note that modifying the parameter group will restart the database.

> - The default collation for the utf8mb4 character set in TiDB is `utf8mb4_bin`, in MySQL 5.7 it is `utf8mb4_general_ci`, and in MySQL 8.0, it is `utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci`. If the default collation is used in the upstream MySQL, because TiDB is not compatible with it, AWS DMS cannot create the target table in TiDB and cannot migrate the data. If you encounter such a problem, you can modify the collation of the source database to `utf8mb4_bin`.

Reviewer: delete ”in MySQL 5.7 it is `utf8mb4_general_ci` “ because
 TiDB has supported it

- You need to add the public and private network IP whitelist of AWS DMS to the source and target databases, so that AWS DMS can access the source and target databases. It is recommended to add both. Otherwise network connection might fail in some scenarios.
- Use [VPC Peerings](/tidb-cloud/set-up-vpc-peering-connections.md#set-up-vpc-peering-connections) or [Private Endpoint](/tidb-cloud/set-up-private-endpoint-connections.md) to connect AWS DMS and TiDB Cluster.
- It is recommended to use the same region for AWS DMS and TiDB Cluster to get better data writing performance.
- It is recommended to use AWS DMS t3.large (2c8g) or a higher specification. Small specifications will possibly cause out of memory (OOM) errors.
- AWS will automatically create the `awsdms_control` database in the target database.

## Limitation

AWS DMS does not support replicating `DROP TABLE`.

## Step 1: Create an AWS DMS replication instance

> 1. Log in to the [AWS DMS console](https://us-west-2.console.aws.amazon.com/dms/v2/home) and switch to the corresponding region. It is recommended to use the same region for AWS DMS and TiDB Cloud.

Reviewer: change ”TiDB Cloud“ to ”TiDB Cluster“

2. Click **Create replication instance**. In this document, the upstream and downstream databases and DMS instance are all in the **us-west-2** region.

    ![Create replication instance](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-create-instance.png)

> 3. Fill in the instance name, and select an appropriate instance class. It is recommended to use dms.t3.large or a higher class to get better performance.
> 
>     ![Fill name and choose class](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-choose-class.png)
> 
> 4. Use default configurations. Select the VPC that you need. It is recommended to use the same VPC as the upstream database to simplify the network configuration. Select **Single-AZ** or **Multi-AZ** based on your business needs.
> 
>     ![Choose VPC](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-vpc.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Fill in the instance name, and select an appropriate instance class. It is recommended to use dms.t3.large or a higher class to get better performance.

    ![Fill name and choose class](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-choose-class.PNG)

4. Use default configurations. Select the VPC that you need. It is recommended to use the same VPC as the upstream database to simplify the network configuration. Select **Single-AZ** or **Multi-AZ** based on your business needs.

    ![Choose VPC](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-vpc.PNG)
```

2. Fill in the following task configurations:
    - **Task identifier**: fill in a name for the task. It is recommended to use a name that is easy to remember.
    - **Descriptive Amazon Resource Name (ARN) - optional**: create a friendly name for the default DMS ARN.
    - **Replication instance**: select the AWS DMS instance that you just created.
    - **Source database endpoint**: select the source database endpoint that you just created.
    - **Target database endpoint**: select the target database endpoint that you just created.
    - **Migration type**: select a migration type as needed. In this example, select **Migrate existing data and replicate ongoing changes**.

    ![Task configurations](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-task-config.png)

3. Fill in the following task settings:
    - **Editing mode**: select **Wizard**.
    - **Target table preparation mode**: select **Do nothing** or other options as needed. In this example, select **Do nothing**.
    - **Include LOB columns in replication**: select **Limited LOB mode**.
    - **Maximum LOB size in (KB)**: use the default value 32.

>     - **Turn on validation**: leave it unchecked.

Reviewer: change ”leave it unchecked“ to ”according to your needs“

> ---

Author: Added

title: Migrate from MySQL-Compatible Databases to TiDB Cloud Using AWS DMS
summary: Learn how to migrate data from MySQL-compatible databases into TiDB Cloud using AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS).
---

# Migrate from MySQL-Compatible Databases to TiDB Cloud Using AWS DMS

> 

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to migrate heterogeneous databases, such as PostgreSQL, Oracle, and SQL Server to TiDB Cloud, it is recommended to use AWS DMS.

If you want to migrate from MySQL-compatible databases to TiDB Cloud, it is recommended to use [Data Migration](/tidb-cloud/migrate-from-mysql-using-data-migration.md).
```

AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS) is a cloud service that makes it easy to migrate relational databases, data warehouses, NoSQL databases, and other types of data stores. You can use AWS DMS to migrate your data into TiDB Cloud.

> This document uses Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) as an example to show how to migrate data to TiDB Cloud using AWS DMS. The procedure also applies to migrating data from self-hosted MySQL databases or Amazon Aurora to TiDB Cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
This document uses Amazon RDS as an example to show how to migrate data to TiDB Cloud using AWS DMS. The procedure also applies to migrating data from self-hosted MySQL databases or Amazon Aurora to TiDB Cloud.
```

In this example, the data source is Amazon RDS, and the data destination is a Dedicated Tier cluster in TiDB Cloud. Both upstream and downstream databases are in the same region.

## Prerequisites

Before you start the migration, make sure you have read the following:

> - If the source database is Amazon RDS or Amazon Aurora, you need to set the `binlog_format` parameter to `ROW`. If the database uses the default parameter group, the `binlog_format` parameter is `MIXED` by default and cannot be modified. In this case, you need to [create a new parameter group](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_GettingStarted.Prerequisites.html#CHAP_GettingStarted.Prerequisites.params), for example `newset`, and set `binlog_format` to `ROW`. Then, modify the default parameter group to `newset`. Note that modifying the parameter group will restart the database.

Author: Should be this one: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_WorkingWithDBInstanceParamGroups.html#USER_WorkingWithParamGroups.Modifying

- You need to add the public and private network IP whitelist of AWS DMS to the source and target databases, so that AWS DMS can access the source and target databases. It is recommended to add both. Otherwise network connection might fail in some scenarios.
- Use [VPC Peerings](/tidb-cloud/set-up-vpc-peering-connections.md#set-up-vpc-peering-connections) or [Private Endpoint](/tidb-cloud/set-up-private-endpoint-connections.md) to connect AWS DMS and TiDB Cluster.
- It is recommended to use the same region for AWS DMS and TiDB Cluster to get better data writing performance.
- It is recommended to use AWS DMS t3.large (2c8g) or a higher instance class. Small instance classes will possibly cause out of memory (OOM) errors.
- AWS will automatically create the `awsdms_control` database in the target database.

## Limitation

AWS DMS does not support replicating `DROP TABLE`.

## Step 1: Create an AWS DMS replication instance

> 1. Log in to the [AWS DMS console](https://us-west-2.console.aws.amazon.com/dms/v2/home) and switch to the corresponding region. It is recommended to use the same region for AWS DMS and TiDB Cloud.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [AWS DMS console](https://us-west-2.console.aws.amazon.com/dms/v2/home) and switch to the corresponding region. It is recommended to use the same region for AWS DMS and TiDB cloud.
```

   - **Source engine**: select **MySQL**.
   - **Access to endpoint database**: select **Provide access information manually**.
   - **Server name**: fill in the server name. It is the name of the data server for the data provider. You can copy it from the database console. If the upstream is Amazon RDS or Amazon Aurora, it will be automatically filled in. If it is a self-built MySQL without a domain name, you can fill in the IP address.
   - Fill in the database **Port**, **Username**, and **Password**.
   - **Secure Socket Layer (SSL) mode**: you can enable SSL mode as needed.

    ![Fill in the endpoint configurations](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-endpoint-config.png)

6. Use default values for **Endpoint settings**, **KMS key**, and **Tags**. In the **Test endpoint connection (optional)** section, it is recommended to select the same VPC as the source database to simplify the network configuration. Select the corresponding replication instance, and then click **Run test**. The status needs to be **successful**.

7. Click **Create endpoint**.

    ![Click Create endpoint](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-connection.png)

> ## Step 3: Create the target database endpoint

Author: ```suggestion
## Step 3. Create the target database endpoint
```

2. Configure the following:
    - **Task identifier**: fill in a name for the task. It is recommended to use a name that is easy to remember.
    - **Descriptive Amazon Resource Name (ARN) - optional**: create a friendly name for the default DMS ARN.
    - **Replication instance**: select the AWS DMS instance that you just created.
    - **Source database endpoint**: select the source database endpoint that you just created.
    - **Target database endpoint**: select the target database endpoint that you just created.
    - **Migration type**: select a migration type as needed. In this example, select **Migrate existing data and replicate ongoing changes**.

    ![Task configurations](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-task-config.png)

3. Configure the following task settings:
    - **Editing mode**: select **Wizard**.
    - **Target table preparation mode**: select **Do nothing** or other options as needed. In this example, select **Do nothing**.
    - **Include LOB columns in replication**: select **Limited LOB mode**.
    - **Maximum LOB size in (KB)**: use the default value **32**.

>     - **Turn on validation**: leave it unchecked.

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Turn on validation**: select it according to your needs.
```

    - **Task logs**: select **Turn on CloudWatch logs** for troubleshooting in future.

    ![Task settings](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-task-settings.png)

4. In the **Table mappings** section, specify the database to be migrated. The schema name is the database name in the Amazon RDS instance. The default value of the source name is "%", which means that all databases in the Amazon RDS will be migrated to TiDB. It will cause the system databases such as `mysql` and `sys` in Amazon RDS to be migrated to TiDB, and result in task failure. Therefore, it is recommended to fill in the specific database name, or filter out all system databases, as shown in the following screen shot, only the database named `franktest` and all the tables in that database will be migrated.

5. Click **Create task** in the lower right corner.

>     ![Table mappings](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-table-mappings.png)

Author: yes

>     The schema name is the database name in the Amazon RDS instance. The default value of the source name is "%", which means that all databases in the Amazon RDS will be migrated to TiDB. It will cause the system databases such as `mysql` and `sys` in Amazon RDS to be migrated to TiDB, and result in task failure. Therefore, it is recommended to fill in the specific database name, or filter out all system databases. For example, according to the settings in the following screenshot, only the database named `franktest` and all the tables in that database will be migrated.
> 
> 5. Click **Create task** in the lower-right corner.
> 
>     ![Table mappings](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-table-mappings.png)

Author: ```suggestion
    The schema name is the database name in the Amazon RDS instance. The default value of the source name is "%", which means that all databases in the Amazon RDS will be migrated to TiDB. It will cause the system databases such as `mysql` and `sys` in Amazon RDS to be migrated to TiDB, and result in task failure. Therefore, it is recommended to fill in the specific database name, or filter out all system databases. For example, according to the settings in the following screenshot, only the database named `franktest` and all the tables in that database will be migrated.

        ![Table mappings](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-table-mappings.png)

5. Click **Create task** in the lower-right corner.

```

    - **Target table preparation mode**: select **Do nothing** or other options as needed. In this example, select **Do nothing**.
    - **Include LOB columns in replication**: select **Limited LOB mode**.
    - **Maximum LOB size in (KB)**: use the default value **32**.
    - **Turn on validation**: select it according to your needs.
    - **Task logs**: select **Turn on CloudWatch logs** for troubleshooting in future.

    ![Task settings](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-task-settings.png)

4. In the **Table mappings** section, specify the database to be migrated. 

    The schema name is the database name in the Amazon RDS instance. The default value of the source name is "%", which means that all databases in the Amazon RDS will be migrated to TiDB. It will cause the system databases such as `mysql` and `sys` in Amazon RDS to be migrated to TiDB, and result in task failure. Therefore, it is recommended to fill in the specific database name, or filter out all system databases. For example, according to the settings in the following screenshot, only the database named `franktest` and all the tables in that database will be migrated.

>         ![Table mappings](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-table-mappings.png)

Author: ```suggestion
    ![Table mappings](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-table-mappings.png)
```

5. Click **Create task** in the lower-right corner.

> 6. Go back to the [Data migration tasks](https://us-west-2.console.aws.amazon.com/dms/v2/home?region=us-west-2#tasks) page. Switch to your region. You can see the status and progress of the task.

Author: ```suggestion
6. Go back to the [Data migration tasks](https://console.aws.amazon.com/dms/v2/home#tasks) page. Switch to your region. You can see the status and progress of the task.
```

---
title: Migrate from MySQL-Compatible Databases to TiDB Cloud Using AWS DMS
summary: Learn how to migrate data from MySQL-compatible databases into TiDB Cloud using AWS Database Migration Service (AWS DMS).
---

# Migrate from MySQL-Compatible Databases to TiDB Cloud Using AWS DMS

> If you want to migrate heterogeneous databases, such as PostgreSQL, Oracle, and SQL Server to TiDB Cloud, it is recommended to use AWS DMS.
> 
> If you want to migrate from MySQL-compatible databases, such as Aurora MySQL and Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS), to TiDB Cloud, it is recommended to use [Data Migration](/tidb-cloud/migrate-from-mysql-using-data-migration.md).

Author: ```suggestion

If you want to migrate heterogeneous databases, such as PostgreSQL, Oracle, and SQL Server to TiDB Cloud, it is recommended to use AWS DMS.

If you want to migrate from MySQL-compatible databases, such as Aurora MySQL and Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS), to TiDB Cloud, it is recommended to use [Data Migration](/tidb-cloud/migrate-from-mysql-using-data-migration.md).

```

2. Click **Create replication instance**.

    ![Create replication instance](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-create-instance.png)

3. Fill in an instance name, and select an appropriate instance class. It is recommended to use `dms.t3.large` or a higher instance class to get better performance.

    ![Fill name and choose class](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-choose-class.PNG)

4. Configure the following information:
    - **Engine version**: use the default configuration.
    - **Allocated storage (GiB)**: use the default configuration.
    - **VPC**: select the VPC that you need. It is recommended to use the same VPC as the upstream database to simplify the network configuration.
    - **Multi-AZ**: select **Single-AZ** or **Multi-AZ** based on your business needs.

    ![Choose VPC](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-vpc.PNG)

5. Configure the **Advanced security and network configuration**, **Maintenance**, and **Tags** if needed. Click **Create** to finish the instance creation.

> 
>     ![Click the Create button](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-create-button.png)

Author: ```suggestion
```

In this example, the data source is Amazon RDS, and the data destination is a Dedicated Tier cluster in TiDB Cloud. Both upstream and downstream databases are in the same region.

## Prerequisites

Before you start the migration, make sure you have read the following:

- If the source database is Amazon RDS or Amazon Aurora, you need to set the `binlog_format` parameter to `ROW`. If the database uses the default parameter group, the `binlog_format` parameter is `MIXED` by default and cannot be modified. In this case, you need to [create a new parameter group](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/dms/latest/userguide/CHAP_GettingStarted.Prerequisites.html#CHAP_GettingStarted.Prerequisites.params), for example `newset`, and set its `binlog_format` to `ROW`. Then, [modify the default parameter group](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_WorkingWithDBInstanceParamGroups.html#USER_WorkingWithParamGroups.Associating) to `newset`. Note that modifying the parameter group will restart the database.

> - The default collation for the utf8mb4 character set in TiDB is `utf8mb4_bin`. But in MySQL 8.0, the default collation is `utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci`. If the upstream MySQL uses the default collation, because TiDB is not compatible with `utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci`, AWS DMS cannot create the target table in TiDB and cannot migrate the data. To resolve this problem, you need to modify the collation of the source database to `utf8mb4_bin` before the migration.

Author: ```suggestion
- The default collation for the utf8mb4 character set in TiDB is `utf8mb4_bin`. But in MySQL 8.0, the default collation is `utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci`. If the upstream MySQL uses the default collation, because TiDB is not compatible with `utf8mb4_0900_ai_ci`, AWS DMS cannot create the target table in TiDB and cannot migrate the data. To resolve this problem, you need to modify the collation of the source database to `utf8mb4_bin` before the migration. For a complete list of TiDB supported charset/collation, see [Character Set and Collation](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/character-set-and-collation).
```

- It is recommended to use the same region for AWS DMS and the TiDB cluster to get better data writing performance.
- It is recommended to use AWS DMS `dms.t3.large` (2 vCPUs and 8 GiB memory) or a higher instance class. Small instance classes will possibly cause out of memory (OOM) errors.
- AWS DMS will automatically create the `awsdms_control` database in the target database.

## Limitation

AWS DMS does not support replicating `DROP TABLE`.

## Step 1. Create an AWS DMS replication instance

1. Go to the [Replication instances](https://console.aws.amazon.com/dms/v2/home#replicationInstances) page in the AWS DMS console, and switch to the corresponding region. It is recommended to use the same region for AWS DMS as TiDB Cloud. In this document, the upstream and downstream databases and the DMS instance are all in the **us-west-2** region.

2. Click **Create replication instance**.

    ![Create replication instance](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-create-instance.png)

> 3. Fill in an instance name, and select an appropriate instance class. It is recommended to use `dms.t3.large` or a higher instance class to get better performance.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Fill in an instance name, ARN, and description. 
```

> 
>     ![Fill name and choose class](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-choose-class.PNG)

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 4. Configure the following information:
>     - **Engine version**: use the default configuration.
>     - **Allocated storage (GiB)**: use the default configuration.
>     - **VPC**: select the VPC that you need. It is recommended to use the same VPC as the upstream database to simplify the network configuration.
>     - **Multi-AZ**: select **Single-AZ** or **Multi-AZ** based on your business needs.
> 
>     ![Choose VPC](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-vpc.PNG)

Author: ```suggestion
4. Fill in the instance configuration:
    - **Instance class**: select an appropriate instance class. It is recommended to use `dms.t3.large` or a higher instance class to get better performance.
    - **Engine version**: use the default configuration.
    - **Multi-AZ**: select **Single-AZ** or **Multi-AZ** based on your business needs.

5. Configure the storage in the **Allocated storage (GiB)** field. Use the default configuration.

6. Configure connectivity and security. 
    - **Network type - new**: Select **IPv4**. 
    - **Virtual private cloud (VPC) for IPv4**: select the VPC that you need. It is recommended to use the same VPC as the upstream database to simplify the network configuration.
    - **Replication subnet group**: Choose a subnet group for your replication instance. 
    - **Public accessible**: Use the default configuration.
```

> 5. Configure the **Advanced security and network configuration**, **Maintenance**, and **Tags** if needed. Click **Create** to finish the instance creation.

Author: ```suggestion
7. Configure the **Advanced settings**, **Maintenance**, and **Tags** if needed. Click **Create replication instance** to finish the instance creation.
```

3. Under **Step 1. Create traffic filter**, click **Edit**, enter the public and private network IP addresses that you copied from the AWS DMS console, and then click **Update Filter**. It is recommended to add the public IP address and private IP address of the AWS DMS replication instance to the TiDB cluster traffic filter at the same time. Otherwise, AWS DMS might not be able to connect to the TiDB cluster in some scenarios.

    ![Update the TiDB Cloud traffic filter](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-traffic-filter.png)

4. Click **Download TiDB cluster CA** to download the CA certificate. Record the `-u`, `-h`, and `-P` information highlighted in the following screenshot for subsequent connection with TiDB.

    ![Download TiDB cluster CA](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-ca.png)

5. Create a VPC Peering connection for the TiDB cluster and AWS DMS.

    ![Create VPC Peering](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-vpc-peering.png)

6. Configure the corresponding information. See [Set Up VPC Peering Connections](/tidb-cloud/set-up-vpc-peering-connections.md).

>     ![Fill in the VPC Peering information](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-vpc-peering-info.png)

Author: deleted

> 
>     ![Fill in the VPC Peering information](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-vpc-peering-info.png)

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Step 4. Create a database migration task

1. In the AWS DMS console, go to the [Data migration tasks](https://console.aws.amazon.com/dms/v2/home#tasks) page. Switch to your region. Then click **Create task** in the upper-right corner of the window.

    ![Create task](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-create-task.png)

2. Configure the following information:
    - **Task identifier**: fill in a name for the task. It is recommended to use a name that is easy to remember.
    - **Descriptive Amazon Resource Name (ARN) - optional**: create a friendly name for the default DMS ARN.
    - **Replication instance**: select the AWS DMS instance that you just created.
    - **Source database endpoint**: select the source database endpoint that you just created.
    - **Target database endpoint**: select the target database endpoint that you just created.
    - **Migration type**: select a migration type as needed. In this example, select **Migrate existing data and replicate ongoing changes**.

    ![Task configurations](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-task-config.png)

> 3. Configure the following information:
>     - **Editing mode**: select **Wizard**.
>     - **Target table preparation mode**: select **Do nothing** or other options as needed. In this example, select **Do nothing**.
>     - **Include LOB columns in replication**: select **Limited LOB mode**.
>     - **Maximum LOB size in (KB)**: use the default value **32**.
>     - **Turn on validation**: select it according to your needs.
>     - **Task logs**: select **Turn on CloudWatch logs** for troubleshooting in future.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Configure the following information:
    - **Editing mode**: select **Wizard**.
    - **Custom CDC stop mode for source transactions**: use the default setting.
    - **Target table preparation mode**: select **Do nothing** or other options as needed. In this example, select **Do nothing**.
    - **Stop task after full load completes**: use the default setting.
    - **Include LOB columns in replication**: select **Limited LOB mode**.
    - **Maximum LOB size in (KB)**: use the default value **32**.
    - **Turn on validation**: select it according to your needs.
    - **Task logs**: select **Turn on CloudWatch logs** for troubleshooting in future. Use the default settings for the related configurations.
```

    ![Table mappings](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-table-mappings.png)

5. Click **Create task** in the lower-right corner.

6. Go back to the [Data migration tasks](https://console.aws.amazon.com/dms/v2/home#tasks) page. Switch to your region. You can see the status and progress of the task.

    ![Tasks status](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-task-status.png)

If you encounter any issues or failures during the migration, you can check the log information in [CloudWatch](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudwatch/home) to troubleshoot the issues.

![Troubleshooting](/media/tidb-cloud/aws-dms-tidb-cloud/aws-dms-to-tidb-cloud-troubleshooting.png)

## See also

- If you want to migrate from MySQL-compatible databases, such as Aurora MySQL and Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS), to TiDB Cloud, it is recommended to use [Data Migration on TiDB Cloud](/tidb-cloud/migrate-from-mysql-using-data-migration.md).

> - If you want to migrate from Amazon RDS for Oracle to TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier Using AWS DMS, see [Migrate from Amazon RDS for Oracle to TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier Using AWS DMS](/tidb-cloud/migrate-from-oracle-using-aws-dms.md).

Author: I'll publish that doc together with this one. The link will work then.
